# Store Inventory Tracking

## Description
The Store Inventory Tracking application will track the total number of products there are in the store. 
More specifically, it will keep track of a *product's name*, how many *units of a given product were ordered* 
by the store, how many *units are still available to be sold*, and how many *units were already sold*. The application will also allow store managers 
and inventory specialists to see which *products are about to be, or already are, out of stock* 
and the *cost to restock* products to full capacity.

The reason why I want to make this application is because I worked in a Staple’s store a few years ago, 
and I noticed that they sell a lot of items. I wondered about how the store keeps track of all the 
items on shelves, in storage and sold to customers. I want to create an application that could 
be useful for such things.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a product to my store.
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of products in my store.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a product from my store.
- As a user, I want to be able to see all the products that are close to or already are
out of stock.
- As a user, I want to be able to restock a product, and see how expensive it is to restock.
- As a user, I want to have the option of saving my inventory list.
- As a user, I want to have the option of loading my previously saved inventory.

# Instructions for Grader

- You can generate the first required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by clicking on the 
"Add a product" button, and then typing out the name, quantity, and cost of the product.
- You can generate the second required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by clicking on the
"View low stock products" button, which shows all the products which are close to or already are out of stock.
- Other actions relating to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" can be generated by clicking on the
Delete/Restock/Sell/View all product(s) buttons, and answering the questions that the program asks.
- You can locate my visual component by running the application. It is the logo in the center of the window.
- You can save the state of my application by clicking on the "Save" button located on the bottom of the window.
- You can reload the state of my application by clicked on the "Load" button located on the bottom of the window.

## Phase 4: Task 2 - Event logs in console
The following event log was printed to the console after the application ended. It describes two products being
added to the inventory, one is sold and then later restocked, and at the end a product is deleted.

Tue Nov 28 18:13:27 PST 2023
Product added to the inventory
Tue Nov 28 18:13:32 PST 2023
Product added to the inventory
Tue Nov 28 18:13:40 PST 2023
Product sold
Tue Nov 28 18:13:44 PST 2023
Product restocked
Tue Nov 28 18:13:47 PST 2023
Product deleted from the inventory

## Phase 4: Task 3

If I had more time, I would add exceptions and exception-handling into my project. Currently, If you were to
input an illegal input into the console ui, the application would crash. For the graphical ui, I added some
value checking so that if an illegal input is detected, the action would cancel instead of crash, but this
does not use exceptions, so it's not the best design. Throwing exceptions for invalid inputs would
start right at the inventory and product classes, so the console and graphical ui classes could then handle
those exceptions.

Another thing I would refactor is the graphical ui's way of finding products in the inventory. Currently, you 
have to type out the name of the product (and there could be multiple products with the same name) in order to 
delete it, restock it, or sell it. This can lead to problems like typos and accidentally selecting the wrong product
that has the same name. This refactoring would fix these problems by making all the products into buttons, which
can be scrolled through a list. Each product button would represent one product, and it would show its name, 
available quantity, and maximum quantity. Clicking on a button would lead you to a window with options specific
to that product, such as deleting, selling and restocking it.


